README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox)

# objcTox

Objective-C wrapper for [Tox](https://tox.chat/).

## Installation

objcTox is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

    pod "objcTox"

## Downloads

1. Clone repo `git clone https://github.com/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox.git`
2. Install CocoaPods `pod install`
3. Open `objcTox.xcworkspace` file with Xcode 5+.

## Contribution

Before contributing please check [style guide](objective-c-style-guide.md).

objcTox is using [Uncrustify](http://uncrustify.sourceforge.net/) code beautifier. Before creating pull request please run it.

You can install it with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/):

```
brew install uncrustify
```

After installing you can:

- check if there are any formatting issues with

```
./run-uncrustify.sh --check
```

- apply uncrustify to all sources with

```
./run-uncrustify.sh --apply
```

There is also git `pre-commit` hook. On committing if there are any it will gently propose you a patch to fix them. To install hook run

```
ln -s ../../pre-commit.sh .git/hooks/pre-commit
```

## Author

Dmytro Vorobiov, d@dvor.me

## License

objcTox is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Adding Features section to README, adding CHANGELOG

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox)

# objcTox

Objective-C wrapper for [Tox](https://tox.chat/).

## Features

See [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for list of notable changes (unreleased, current and previous versions).

- OCTTox wrapper for tox.h file.
- OCTManager that provides high level API for Tox. Below are features for OCTManager.
- Changing user name, status, status message, nospam.
- Sending, receiving, removing and accepting friend requests.
- Removing friends.
- Auto updating and changeable nickname for friend.
- Chat objects with various information.
- Sending and receiving messages.

#### What's next?

- [**Now**](https://github.com/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/milestones/Now) - this milestone has issues that will go to the next release.
- [**Next**](https://github.com/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/milestones/Next) - stuff we'll probably do soon.
- [**Faraway**](https://github.com/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/milestones/Faraway) - stuff we'll probably *won't* do soon.

Also there may be other [milestones](https://github.com/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox/milestones) that represent long-running and big ongoing tasks.

## Installation

objcTox is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

    pod "objcTox"

## Downloads

1. Clone repo `git clone https://github.com/Antidote-for-Tox/objcTox.git`
2. Install CocoaPods `pod install`
3. Open `objcTox.xcworkspace` file with Xcode 5+.

## Contribution

Before contributing please check [style guide](objective-c-style-guide.md).

objcTox is using [Uncrustify](http://uncrustify.sourceforge.net/) code beautifier. Before creating pull request please run it.

You can install it with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/):

```
brew install uncrustify
```

After installing you can:

- check if there are any formatting issues with

```
./run-uncrustify.sh --check
```

- apply uncrustify to all sources with

```
./run-uncrustify.sh --apply
```

There is also git `pre-commit` hook. On committing if there are any it will gently propose you a patch to fix them. To install hook run

```
ln -s ../../pre-commit.sh .git/hooks/pre-commit
```

## Author

Dmytro Vorobiov, d@dvor.me

## License

objcTox is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.
